Update limit-request.md (#473)
pypa/pypi-support: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/limit-request.md

---

> name: "Limit Request: PROJECT_NAME - "
> title: "Limit Request: PROJECT_NAME - "

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name: "Limit Request: PROJECT_NAME - 000 MB"
title: "Limit Request: PROJECT_NAME - 000 MB"
```

Please update "PROJECT_NAME" in the issue title as well.
-->

**Size of release/project**
<!--
The size of your release, in megabytes, that is above the limit.

> If you're hitting the upload file size limit, please add the size of your release to the title after the "-". 
> 
> If you're hitting the total project size limit, please add the size of your project to the title after the "-". 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're hitting the upload file size limit, please update the size of your release from "000 MB" in the title. 

If you're hitting the total project size limit, please update the size of your project from "000 MB" in the title. 

```
